W-17987991-schedule-fixed-frequency (#392)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-manage-schedules.adoc

* Flow names can contain only upper and lower case letters, numbers, hyphens (`-`), underscores (`_`), and periods (`.`). The following characters are invalid: `/`, `[`, `]`, `{`, `}`, and `#`.
* CloudHub 2.0 schedules run concurrently by default. The Scheduler triggers the execution of a schedule flow while a previously-triggered execution is still running. To run schedules sequentially, set the `disallowConcurrentExecution` property as `true` in the xref:mule-runtime::scheduler-concept.adoc#props_scheduler[scheduler] configuration file. 
* By default, schedulers use the same time zone as the machine on which Mule is running. You can change it by adding the time zone you want. For more information, see
xref:anypoint-code-builder::acb-component-scheduler.adoc#cron-expressions[Cron Expressions].

[[cluster-mode-fixed-frequency]]
=== Fixed Frequency Schedules in Cluster Mode During Rolling Restart

These transition behaviors apply to fixed-frequency schedules when the application runs in cluster mode and undergoes a rolling restart.

Polling node transition and first trigger::
+

> During a rolling restart, CloudHub 2.0 starts new nodes before it removes old nodes. The cluster elects a new polling node only after it decommissions the previous polling node. This new node then triggers the schedule. Until that election completes, no node polls the schedule. As a result, the first trigger that would otherwise occur right after a new node starts does not fire. The schedule runs at the next calculated time after the cluster elects the new polling node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a rolling restart, CloudHub 2.0 starts new nodes before it removes old nodes. The cluster elects a new polling node only after it decommissions the previous polling node. The new node then triggers the schedule. Until this election completes, no node polls the schedule. As a result, the first trigger that would otherwise occur right after a new node starts doesn't fire. The schedule runs at the next calculated time after the cluster elects the new polling node.
```
